I’m getting on the bus to the other world, see ya!
"I’m Getting on the Bus to the Other World, See Ya!"
I can’t count the lives I ruined when I was young,
I’d smile as I bury another life before heading home
Looking back now, I should've been the first one to die.
So cheerful despite the gloomy atmosphere
I've lost my will to live
Life is just needlessly long
Nothing but meaningless wrinkles and creases
My heart pointlessly laments this hopeless take on life
Spitting out ideals that just hurt my ears!
What value is there to a life that wants to end?
Am I just being selfish?
I don’t even know what to think!
In the end, after a few years I’ll just be a nuisance.
So stab me, kill me, and take me away
I’m getting on the bus to the other world, see ya!
I still remember all the times I was made fun of as a kid
These unreasonable thoughts that I don’t even remember thinking just won’t go away
Looking back now, how did I just swallow the pain?
Ah, if only I had fought back...
Sulking about in a hazy crowd of people
Displaying a life that seems worth living
The “theory of happiness” is uselessly deep
Just some words that don’t serve any purpose
My shallow heart is driven by an uneasy, fretful rush
Nothing but time passes, and it can never come back...
What takes root in life just makes me want to disappear
You say I’m a nuisance?
No one asked for your opinion!
In the end, after a few years it’ll just be the same thing...
So stab me, kill me, and take me away
Is there any meaning to life if you want it to end?
Are there any dreams seen in a life that wants to end?
There are none
What value is there to a life that wants to end?
“That must suck.”
“I get it."
Don’t act as if you understand!
In the end, after a few years, I’ll still be suffering
So stab me, kill me, and take me away
This is the only thing I thought to do
My first and final struggle in vain…
I’m getting on the bus to the other world, see ya!
And yet, I regret, and scream as the rain falls...